[WHOOSH]
[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Today on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with Richard Doty,
a retired Special Agent who
served in the Air Force Office
of Special Investigations.
Richard was intimately
involved with UFO
ET-related intelligence.
Today we're talking
about a missing submarine
that appeared after 20 years.
Richard, welcome to the show.
>> Thank you, Emery.
Good to be here.
>> Well, how did the US
Navy submarine disappear
in Antarctica in 1959?
>> That's a good question.
>> Yeah.
[LAUGHS]
>> In 1959, the United
States Navy had some--
just a few--
nuclear-powered submarines.
>> Right, yeah.
>> And one of them was
this particular one.
Although the United
States Navy had
a name for this
particular submarine,
ironically, after
it disappeared,
they changed the name.
So it was just
classified as Submarine X
during the time it was missing.
>> Rick, what was
the actual name?
>> It was the USS Baseline
was the name that came out
of the facility in
Groton, Connecticut,
that built the submarine.
It was part of the same class
as the Thresher and a Scorpion.
They were new
nuclear-powered submarines.
And this one went to
Antarctica to conduct
some tests of its nuclear power
plant and some water and ice
sampling, and mediocre
tests like that.
But in 1959, it disappeared.
All communications with
this submarine ceased.
Now, the way the submarine
back in those days
we're able to
communicate, they would
have to come up near the
surface and put out an antenna--
I think it was a
high-frequency antenna--
and they could send out signals.
And that's how they communicated
with their closest base, which
I believe at that time
was in South America.
>> Correct.
>> Anyways, the South
American communication site--
naval communication site that
was relaying signals to naval
headquarters lost contact
with the Baseline.
Immediately, they sent
ships, other ships,
down there-- destroyers and
surface ships, not submarines.
And they couldn't find it.
It was gone.
They searched and
searched and searched.
And that was close
to Antarctica,
and they thought maybe there was
some anomaly around Antarctica
that was keeping the ships from
being able to use sonar deep
under the Antarctic ice.
They based that on
some other problems
they had down there
earlier in the 1950s
with anomalies that occurring.
Radar sightings that
were ghost sightings,
they would call them.
>> Right.
>> Aircrafts flying into
Antarctica that saw things that
were there one moment
and gone the next moment.
>> What kind of anomalies, Rick?
>> These were unidentified
flying objects, UFOs,
down there.
And there were so many
different cases in the late
'40s and the early '50s
right when we were trying
to establish bases down there--
McMurdo, and some
other bases, US.
And not just us, not just the
United States, but other world
powers was trying to establish
bases in Antarctica because we
knew, as the Russians and
the Chinese and the French
and the British knew, it would
be a very important place
to establish bases
in the future.
>> Why was it so important to
establish bases in the future
in Antarctica?
>> Well, we the United States
figure it was as a place
to launch something.
Maybe missiles.
Maybe placing missile sites down
there, either ICBMs or others.
It was a unique location even
though it was cold and frozen.
It was a unique location
to monitor everything
around the world
from one location.
Rather than having to have
different communication
sites or military
bases, we could
launch things or do things
down in Antarctica somewhat
secretly.
>> Rick, since this was
a new class of submarine,
nuclear powered, why did
they pick Antarctica to do
the testing?
>> That's a good question.
That's a question I
asked the admiral that
was telling me this story.
And he said, well,
the best place
to test a submarine
in cold climate
would be Antarctica
or the North Pole.
And that's why they
used Antarctica.
And besides, in 1957,
the United States Navy
established a base
in Antarctica.
And so there was a base there
that they could operate out of.
Unfortunately, during this
time particular time period
that the Baseline
was down there,
they couldn't access the
base because of the ice.
Something about the ice.
And I don't have any more
details about why they
couldn't.
>> So for the 20 years the
Baseline's been missing,
what were they doing?
What was going on?
>> After a few months of
searching for the Baseline,
they gave up.
Unfortunately, there has to be
some time they pull the cord
and say, we're just
not going to find it.
We didn't have a lot of deep
water submersible technology
back in those days where we
could place some kind of rescue
submarine that deep.
I mean, and we're talking
15,000 to 17,000 feet deep.
We didn't have anything
that could go down
there except for sonar.
And we did have submarines
that could go down and search,
but they couldn't go down
all the way to the bottom
or they would implode.
So they figured by that
time that this submarine
had imploded, and it
was on the ocean floor.
And there's nothing that
they could do, nor could they
recover it, during
that time period
because they didn't have
anything to recover it with.
They did contract--
I believe it was a
French company that
was a salvage company that could
place weights and things down
deep and to scrape
along the ocean floor
to try to bring up something.
And I don't believe they
ever found anything.
>> They didn't even know
where they were looking.
Or did they get one last
transmission, and that's
where they based it off of?
>> I don't exactly
know how they did this,
and the admiral didn't
fully explain to me.
But there was a
last known position,
and that's where they
started their search.
And just like when the
Thresher went down,
or the Scorpion went down--
two Navy submarines
that were lost--
the same thing,
the last position.
And so that's
where they started.
Now, we jump ahead to 1979.
Now in 1979, the
United States Navy
was conducting some very
highly classified projects down
in the Southern Indian Ocean.
Heard Island is about 500 or
600 miles north of Antarctica.
It's an uninhabited island.
And there's several different
smaller islands down there.
The uniqueness
about Heard Island
is there's one particular
species of penguins
that live on that
island, and that's
the only place in
the world that they
live, is just on Heard Island.
And so there's scientists
would go down there
and conduct experiments
trying to figure out
why these penguins only
inhabited that island.
But anyways, during
this exploration,
one of the ships that took some
of these scientists down there
to the island-- they would
spend a few weeks down there--
they saw something in the
water south of Heard Island.
It was similar-- they thought
it was the top of a submarine.
Well, they didn't
think much of it
because they thought, well,
there's other countries that
operate around here.
Not many because that
part of the Indian Ocean
is there's no--
>> It's open.
Open space.
>> --cargo traffic,
ship traffic.
It's just open.
And a lot of military use that
for testing because there's
no other ships down there.
So eventually, when
the ship came back
to pick up the scientists,
one of the scientists
reported to the
captain of the ship,
there's something down there
that we've been watching,
and it's kind of
moving back and forth.
So the captain immediately
checked it out,
and he said, that's
the top of a submarine.
Well, OK.
So there's a
submarine in the area.
So as they took these
scientists back to Australia,
where they were based out
of, the captain of that ship
notified the Australian Navy,
there's a submarine down
at Heard Island.
So they said, there can't
be a submarine down there.
And then they thought,
well, after World War II,
we scuttled a lot of old
ships down in that area,
and maybe one just came back up.
>> Right.
>> So a few months later, a
United States Navy ship was
conducting classified
operations down there,
and they decided to go over
to check out the submarine,
which had partially surfaced
on a barrier under--
I mean, it was a
shallow barrier.
They recorded the
tail number of it,
which basically
no longer existed
in a Navy database, Baseline.
So that sent up a lot of flags.
Wait a minute.
This ship disappeared 1959,
and you found it in 1979?
Oh, my God.
So initially, the
commander of that ship,
which is not a submarine-- it
was a ship, a surface ship--
was told not to board it.
We're going to have to--
>> Clear it, yeah.
>> We're going to have to get
it off that barrier and tow it.
We're going to have
to tow it back.
And they were going to tow
all the way back to Hawaii
before they open the
hatches because they
figured everybody's dead.
Nothing but bodies
or bones inside.
I mean, it's been 20 years.
Anyways, they brought
other ships down there,
salvage ships.
And they got it off the
Barrier Reef or whatever,
and they towed it all the
way back to Pearl Harbor.
>> They didn't investigate
the hull or say, hey,
there's some cracks, or an
explosion, or missile attack,
or torpedo attack?
>> They didn't inspect it,
to the best of my knowledge,
the admiral telling
me this story,
until they got it
back to Pearl Harbor.
Well, they found no damage
on the outside whatsoever.
Not one scratch.
Nothing was damaged
on the outside.
So they knew that it hadn't been
dropped to an unspecified depth
because it would
have been imploded
and would have been damaged.
Hadn't struck
anything because there
was no damage on the outside.
So after three days, he decided,
OK, they're going to open it.
And they did it in a certain
way, the standard procedure.
And they had to vent
everything first.
So they opened it and
they vented everything.
And then, they call
it a casualty recovery
team, which I know you
were on at one time,
would go inside and search.
And what they found was
not one single body.
Where'd the body go?
Where'd the bodies go?
I believe the admiral
told me there were 69 crew
members in this submarine.
There should have
been 69 members.
I think there were
65 United States Navy
personnel, and four civilians
from the company that
built the submarine.
And I think they were
also the ones that
handled the nuclear reactor.
>> Did the investigation bring
up anything such as, number
one, does the reactor--
is it stable, does
it still work?
Also, did they leave
anything behind?
Anything that gave them
any inclination that they
had to leave in a hurry?
>> No.
There was nothing
that would indicate
there would have
been a struggle,
a fight, unauthorized boarding.
One of the things
that the admiral
told me was, on every Navy
ship, any kind of ship--
submarine or surface destroyer
or aircraft carrier--
if there's going to
be a hostile boarding,
there's certain procedures
that the crew would
do to try to either scuttle
or destroy classified--
and this submarine had a lot
of classified information.
None of those
procedures occurred.
>> What about the data recorders
that are kept with the admiral
or the captain?
>> Well, they got the logbook.
>> OK.
>> Because back in those
days, they were still doing
everything by hand.
So they had the
logbook, which required
the navigational officer
to record, every 30
minutes, positioning of the
ship, where it's located.
And they got that.
And the last location
was exactly where
the last communications
occurred.
But what happened after that?
Where did it go?
And where is the crew?
Is the crew taken hostage?
But after 20 years--
we had a ship taken in
Korea in 1969, boarded,
and the crew members were taken.
But eventually they were
released by the North Koreans.
So--
>> It's not like them to
leave, also, the device,
the high tech, behind.
>> Exactly.
And they didn't
find anything-- what
they found regarding the
reactor was-- it was shut off.
It was properly shut down.
>> Now, that's interesting.
>> Which is something he says
that the old reactors can do,
but the new reactors, you
can never shut them down.
They're constantly on.
It was properly shut down.
None of the weapons--
the handguns, the rifles
they had, small arms--
was missing.
None of them were
taken off the rack.
>> What about the
breaching method?
Because we both know that on
submarines, even back then,
there's different breaching
methods for someone
that's already inside.
And what I'm trying to
get at-- was it already
locked from the inside?
Or did they have to use
unconventional breaching
methods to open the submarine?
>> That's a good question.
The admiral didn't
go into great details
other than to say they were
able to open the hatch.
And there was a
particular hatch that they
would open first and vent, but
they wouldn't go in that hatch.
They would open another hatch.
And I don't know exactly why.
Maybe it was some set
procedure, or maybe
an emergency procedure.
They opened one,
the crew knew it
wasn't a hostile force trying
to get in if, in fact, there
was still a crew there.
But there wasn't any crew.
There was nothing
personal that was missing.
As if--if the crew just
maybe abandoned the ship,
you would think they would
take their personal pictures
and personal items.
None of those items were taken.
>> And still dry inside?
It wasn't flooded?
>> No, it was not flooded.
There was no indication
it was flooded.
And again, they
don't know how long
it was there at Heard Island.
Now, it is, I think, from the
point of last communications
to where it was
located some 900 miles.
So the Navy left with a
big, big, big question mark.
>> Was there any
indication, Rick,
that it was just another
regular day in the sub?
I mean, were there beds made?
Was there any food
on the shelves?
>> They couldn't find any food.
He said, the first thing
they looked for, of course,
were bodies.
You can't find any bodies.
They looked for
deterioration of the reactor.
It wasn't.
It was shut down.
They looked for logbooks, things
like that, the captain log.
And then they got
navigation log.
And then they went
to the kitchen,
and they opened up the
refrigerators and stuff.
There was nothing in there.
Now, he thinks that
it was purposely
emptied because somebody wanted
to preserve the submarine.
Now, if you left food in there
for 20 years, it would decay,
and it would be stinking, and
bugs and probably whatever.
So it was completely
emptied of food items,
but all the personal
effects are still there.
So some entity, whether it's
a test that the United States
Navy did, or whether it was an
alien extraterrestrial force
that was living
down in Antarctica,
tried to abduct these sailors
and capture this submarine
for some strange reason that
we just can't understand.
>> Could that submarine float
900 miles on its own without
being driven by the
sailors and the captain?
>> No.
One of the things I asked
the admiral was that--
OK, so the crew's taken
off the submarine,
and now they just leave it.
They seal it and they leave it.
Can that thing float?
Nope.
He said it would've went
right down under water.
>> Right.
>> It would
eventually have sunk.
I said, so how would
it have gotten there?
He said, they would
have had driven there.
They would have had
to steer it there.
Somebody was still in
control, they got it there,
and they grounded
it up on this reef
for some particular reason.
And it's been there--
well, they don't
know how long it's been there
because the island, Heard
Island, is inhabited only
once every few years.
And these scientists
probably wouldn't even
have noticed anything, except
for this one particular one who
had some Navy experience.
And he told the captain of the
ship that brought them back.
And so it might have
been there forever.
>> What was the admiral's--
what was his conclusion?
Where is it left now?
>> Well, that's interesting
because the admiral,
when this first occurred, I
believe the Chief of Naval
Operations was still Zumwalt
or one of the ranking admirals
still from the World War II.
And he wanted to hide
it, shut it down.
He didn't want any information
about this out in the public.
He wanted it classified,
buried, because it was
an embarrassment to the Navy.
Because everyone would think
that nuclear power didn't work,
and it sunk because
of nuclear power.
I said, yeah, but
you found it again.
So it didn't have anything
to do with-- but he said,
how do you explain
that to the public?
How do you explain
the fact that we
had a missing submarine in 1959,
we've searched for four months,
and then we gave
up on the search.
And then in 1979
in December, they
find it on top of a reef at an
abandoned, uninhabited island
in the South Indian Ocean?
How do you explain
that to people?
We can't understand it today.
>> That would be
labeled as a WSFM case.
>> Exactly.
[LAUGHS] Exactly.
>> Weird Science
and Freakin' Magic.
>> Yeah, and so
now, this admiral.
I said, well, what did
they do with the submarine?
>> Right.
>> He said, how
long did he keep--
I said, how long did they
keep it at Pearl Harbor?
He said, they kept it at Pearl
Harbor for several years,
investigating.
They went through it
with a fine-tooth comb,
trying to find some
evidence of something,
whether it was boarded
by a hostile force,
whether it was boarded by
an extraterrestrial force
and they left something there.
But we couldn't find a thing.
We couldn't find anything.
I said, well, what do
you tell the families?
Well, we already
told the families
that they were dead in 1959.
We're not going
to go back to them
and say, hey, we
found the submarine,
but we didn't find
your loved ones.
>> But the Navy still has to
answer to the government under
this case.
>> They do, and they did,
and they classified it.
They took everything out of the
Naval logs regarding this ship.
Now it was taken out as from
Baseline to X, Submarine X.
And I said, well, what did
they finally do with it?
He said, they took it out
in the middle of the Pacific
and scuttled it,
blew it up, and it's
down at the bottom of 20,000
feet of water, broken up.
>> Since it was a
nuclear submarine,
what did they do with the
nuclear materials that were
on board?
>> I don't know that the
admiral discussed that,
but I'm sure they probably took
out the reactor before they
scuttled it.
I don't think they would--
>> No.
>> Or at least the nuclear
material, the control rods,
they probably took them out.
>> When they were analyzing
the nuclear reactor,
did they find anything
missing, the nuclear material?
Like we have spoken before about
extraterrestrials coming down
taking different aspects
of the nuclear warheads.
>> To the best of my knowledge,
no, nothing was missing.
As the admiral reiterated
to me over and over again,
nothing was missing.
>> He would have
told you that one.
>> And I believe he would
have told me if there was--
if the control rods or the
nuclear material in the reactor
was missing.
And he never mentioned that,
so I don't believe anything
was missing from
the nuclear reactor.
>> What about the
torpedoes on the submarine?
Were they still active?
Were they there?
>> That's very,
very interesting.
One of the questions I
asked the admiral was,
was this ship equipped
with nuclear--
a warhead, or nuclear torpedoes?
And he said, no, they didn't
have any nuclear torpedoes.
But they had
conventional torpedoes.
They ran with a complement
of 14 torpedoes, the ship.
>> 14 total.
>> They had 14 total
conventional torpedoes.
I said, so they were all there?
He said, no, seven's missing.
>> The plot thickens.
>> Wow.
that really--
>> Now, that changes everything.
>> That changes everything.
There were seven that was fired.
He said, I believe
there were seven fired.
I said, and we know when or
how, or is there any recordings
of them being fired?
And he said, no.
Those old submarines, they
wouldn't have had that.
They were pressure released
and pressure fired.
He said, a lot of people
think that they just--
there was a problem
with the submarine,
and they got rid of the seven--
>> Right, for the weight.
Yeah.
>> Yeah, for the weight.
And then, there are some
people within the Navy
even today thinks that
it encountered something,
and they were
defending themselves,
and they fired the seven
torpedoes at whatever
the opposing force was.
But he said, if that
would have happened,
there would have been logs.
I mean, you have a captain's
log that details everything
that happens.
Every single thing that
happens on this ship
is recorded by a recorder.
Not the captain's doing
it, but somebody--
a seaman is doing
it, writing down
everything that is occurring.
And there's nothing to
indicate in any of those logs
that they were under attack.
>> And the logs
were kept in there.
They weren't taken.
>> Exactly.
>> Which is very odd.
>> And the logs were there.
So he said, but
there's occasions when
you don't have time to record.
If they're instantly under
attack, everybody drops that,
and they'll go to their
duty at the battle station,
so to speak.
And their battle stations takes
precedence over everything
else, the admiral said.
So they could be in an
attack in a battle situation
where they're launching
those torpedoes,
and then later come back
and would record it.
So he thinks they fired.
They were attacked by an
underwater submersible--
>> Something.
>> UFO.
And they fired their
seven torpedoes.
Probably didn't work.
And then they were boarded.
And somehow they were taken
out, the bodies, or the crew
was just floated out
or dematerialized
or some way that the
ETs got the bodies out.
And then they took
over the submarine.
>> So this was the admiral's
opinion that there was possibly
an extraterrestrial underwater
craft involved with this
incident?
>> Yes.
That was his opinion.
I asked him his opinion, and he
told me, this is my opinion--
with others.
The admiral is retired, and
he's friends with Bobby--
Admiral Inman and
some of the other
admirals that are prominent
still in this timeframe.
And it's his
opinion, as there are
others thinking the same way he
thinks, that it was attacked.
>> Are there other incidents
like this that you know
of, Rick?
>> Yes, the admiral mentioned
some other incidents where
ships went missing.
Not many, but there were a few.
And he speaks about an incident
involving a Soviet ship.
Both a surface ship and a
submarine, a Soviet submarine,
during the Cold War
era disappeared.
And they've never been
able to find that.
The United States Navy
went out purposely
trying to recover these
Soviet ships because
of the intelligence value of it.
>> So it wasn't a cover-up
because we got involved.
>> It wasn't a cover-up
And after the Cold
War was over with,
the Russians' Navy shared
a lot of information
with the US Navy regarding
missing ships, trying
to figure out--
the United States had the
same thing as the Russians,
or the French, or some
of these other countries.
>> We didn't do it.
You didn't do it.
Who did it?
>> Yeah, who did it?
>> Right.
>> And so they
shared information.
But there have been other
cases of missing surface ships
and submarines.
>> Why do you think
this is happening?
>> Well, I think--
personally, I think--
and I align myself
a lot with the admiral when I
was talking to him that there
are forces on this Earth
that we don't know about,
especially back in those days.
We knew of the Roswell case.
And only a limited number
of military personnel
would have known that.
Very, very few.
So we didn't know
that there could
be extraterrestrials
navigating our waterways,
both above and under it.
And so that USS
submarine encountered
an underwater
extraterrestrial craft.
And whether it fought it,
tried to defend itself,
or what the case may be,
we, the United States Navy,
realized that their
ships were vulnerable,
their submarines
were vulnerable,
to extraterrestrial crafts.
We can't compete against them.
And that's what happened,
I believe, in this case.
>> Rick, did the admiral ever
talk about the USOs or any
of these other unidentified
submersible objects that were
recorded on their sonars or
they saw from satellites?
>> Well, the admiral was a
former submarine commander
for 21 years before he
made rank and moved up.
He was a captain of a
nuclear powered submarine,
a hunter-killer submarine.
And one of the questions
I asked him was,
did you ever encounter anything
strange under the water?
He said, I encountered too
many to even talk about.
I said, really?
He said, a lot of things
that we encountered
were things that we have
never experienced underwater.
Large squids, whales,
deformed whales,
things like that that we
would pick up on our sonar,
and we would watch it,
navigate, and we would track it.
But we didn't know
what it was until we
got close enough to
realize it's a huge squid.
It's a 30-foot-long squid.
>> Yeah, give us some sizes for
the audience because these are
enormous creatures.
>> Right.
30 foot.
And he actually said, in
one particular time when
he was in the
South Pacific, they
encountered a squid
that was 90 feet long.
Enormous one.
And then they had these--
he said they had
these whales that
were deformed that would live--
they wouldn't surface.
They would live deep
under the water,
but they would have
to come up to feed.
And they had--
>> They didn't need
air down there?
>> Apparently they
didn't need air.
>> More like a
fish of some sort.
Maybe a shark.
>> No, it was actually a whale.
And I know they're mammals,
and I know they breathe air.
But this was deformed
in some way that--
and he didn't go
into great details.
But when it came up, these
things were 100 foot, 200 foot,
and they were huge.
And they would appear to be,
on sonar, to be a submarine.
So they actually-- he said,
in one particular case,
they actually were shooting.
They were battling a
whale, and realizing
after they hit it with a
torpedo it was the whale.
But on other occasions,
there would be things
that they would see on sonar
that the sonar operator
the experts couldn't identify.
Huge, huge objects
moving at lightning speed
under the ocean.
He said, at one time when they
were off the coast of Alaska,
there had been a
fishing boat in trouble.
And they thought, well, we'll
try to help this fishing boat.
And it capsized.
But they realized, because
they were a submarine,
they would do more
harm than good.
So they went back
under the water.
They went down to
their operating depth.
And they never talk
about operating depths.
>> No, right.
>> He mentioned something
about 1,300 feet.
And as he was moving in a
southwesterly direction,
this huge object
appears in front of him.
So he said, immediately
we took evasive maneuvers
to get out of its way.
We didn't know what it was.
No known submarine or underwater
vessel could move that fast.
>> How much larger--
>> It was three times--
>> --than the submarine was it?
>> --the size of his submarine.
And as he maneuvered
out of the way,
the sonar tracked it going by.
And just part of it had struck
the end, the aft section,
of the submarine.
It didn't damage it to the
point where they had to surface,
but they immediately turned,
and they thought, well--
>> Getting ready for the attack.
>> --we're ready for the attack.
And they were nuclear tipped--
their torpedoes were-- I
think they call them Astros.
And they were
10-kiloton-yield warheads.
So they figured,
we're going to have
to shoot at this if
this tries to attack us.
But as it came at them,
it went up and surfaced.
And, well, they couldn't
track it any longer.
And once it got
out of the water,
they didn't know where
it went from there.
But they had surface ships
that were some distance away.
>> Did they track, or the
air traffic controllers?
>> And the surface
ships saw it fly away,
fly into the atmosphere.
He said, so that was
one of many cases
where we actually knew it was
an underwater submersible, a UFO
underwater, an ET craft.
But he said, we
tracked many that
were transversing
the undercurrents
of the ocean at
lightning speeds,
but we could never
catch up to them.
We knew they were down there.
And he said, one
particular occasion,
they were down in the Indian
Ocean, Southern Indian Ocean,
on a very highly
classified mission.
They were just a couple
hundred miles from Antarctica.
And they were deep, and he
didn't say exactly how deep.
He said, we were at
our maximum depth.
And it was-- we
had no lights on.
And we had some portholes
that we could see out of.
One of the crew members
called the bridge and says,
you need to come down
here, the torpedo room.
You need to see this.
So the captain and the first
officer went down there.
And they had to crawl up--
>> So small, right.
>> --to a certain
area and look out.
And he said, look out.
And he looked out.
He said, oh, my God.
That's an underwater
city down there, probably
as big as New York City.
It was spread out, and there
were lights all over the place.
And there were
buildings down there.
And he thought, are
we imagining this?
And the other crew
members saying, no, sir.
I'm seeing the same
thing you're seeing.
And the captain's
asking them to describe
what they're seeing
to make sure he's
seeing what they're seeing.
He said, this would have been
thousands and thousands of feet
under Antarctica.
He said, we couldn't
go any deeper.
We couldn't go down there.
But he said, that
changed my opinion
of the possibilities
of life being
on the bottom of the ocean.
That's a very interesting
story he told me.
>> Very compelling,
especially coming from him.
>> Exactly.
And another question
I asked him was with--
you speak with
other submariners.
I mean, you're in a society
of former submariners.
How many others saw this?
He said, quite a few others.
>> What a compelling
story, Rick.
Thank you for sharing, and
thank you for being on the show.
>> Good to be here, Emery.
Thank you.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]